update cass-operator version (#300)
k8ssandra/k8ssandra-operator: docs/development/README.md

```

### Resource Requirements
Multi-cluster tests will be more resource intensive than other tests. The Docker VM used to develop and run these tests on a MacBook Pro is configured with 6 CPUs and 10 GB of memory. Your mileage may vary on other operating systems/setups.

# Updating Dependencies
Updating library, i.e., module dependencies requires updating `go.mod`. This can be done by running `go get`. 

Suppose we have a dependency on `github.com/example/example` at v1.0.0 and we want to upgrade to v1.1.0. This can be done by running `go get "github.com/example/example@v1.1.0"`.

If you want to upgrade to a specific commit, then you would run `go get "github.com/example/example@6a78a8237173d9322e6c0cab94c615b1f043a906"` where the long string at the end is the full commit hash.

## cass-operator

> In additional to updting `go.mod` as previously described, there are several other changes that have to be made to completely upgrade cass-operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to updating `go.mod` as previously described, there are several other changes that have to be made to completely upgrade cass-operator.
```
